well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
money and politics because one tweet has
just sent the world into a fit well at
least the US representative Castro from
Texas tweeted out a list of people who
had given the maximum donation who live
in San Antonio who gave the maximum
billion to president Trump's reelection
campaign people are mad people are angry
about this and I don't know why hey yeah
it's public information okay B if you
support a cause why do you care if it
becomes public there are two reasons
people donate to political campaigns a
they believe in the cause or B they're
trying to curry political favor if you
believe in it why do you care if it
could becomes public if you're just
trying to curry political favor because
it's good for business
maybe you need to understand that it can
be bad for business - and people are
angry Kevin McCarthy he's the House
Minority Leader guy who believes video
games are responsible for mass shootings
just tweeted out what happened - when
they go low we go high concentration
camps and hate crimes that's what
happened if you are funding president
Trump's reelection campaign you're
paying for him to go around and call
people invaders to dehumanize people to
dehumanize our neighbors well you guys
have been advocating for this whole time
is that we need more vetting we need to
know who our neighbors are yeah we do we
need to know if they're gonna pay to
have that kind of rhetoric out there I
think this is a great thing personally I
think every candidate should have to
tweet out who pays them
now when I said I was going to talk
about this told me you know if you do
that
somebody's gonna release your
contributions okay
pencils will promise hack the hood True
Colors Fund shelter house a Wounded
Warrior Foundation David Sheldrick
Wildlife Trust Yellowstone wolf project
Oxfam Habitat for Humanity Louisiana
girl Ford respiratory therapist Without
Borders kaleidoscope Youth Center gay
and lesbian advocates and defenders
National Alliance to End Homelessness
ACLU Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library
Planned Parenthood Americans for
immigrant justice YMCA project Walla
Walla honeybee Conservancy National
Coalition Against Domestic Violence and
the Committee to Protect Journalists
there you go if you believe and what's
what you're donating to you don't care
if it becomes public especially if
they're doing good why would you be
ashamed of that this is what we've done
it by we I mean you guys when you buy
one of our shirts money goes to one of
these dollar funding y'all are doing
good the only reason you would be
worried about it becoming public is if
you know it's not doing good
so yeah we need to know in fact that
would be a great Twitter account for
somebody to set up and get all the
information off of open secrets just
tweet it out
let's see who's funding who's paying who
off be fantastic
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good day